README.md, before:

# Learn web3 with Colony

Learn Web3 with Colony! Resources and application source code

“Learn web3 with Colony" is a free, twitch-based online course designed for anyone interested in learning the fundamentals of web3 frontend development and DAO application programming. We’ll do regular low-key streaming sessions where we learn and build together! This course is targeted to web2 developers who’d like to get their feet wet in the web3 world.

## Requirements

You’ll need a basic understanding of JavaScript and React fundamentals to be able to follow along.

## What we’ll learn

We’ll start with the foundations of smart contract interactions using ethers.js. We'll show you how to execute transactions, query information, and query contract events from a chain. We then go on to make a sample application that can create a connection to the user’s MetaMask wallet and initiate transactions.

Then we’ll look at the Colony Network and go over the basic concepts and moving parts that make up this DAO framework. We’ll explore Colony SDK, the developer kit that makes it easy to use Colony’s main functions and infrastructure.

## What we’ll build

This is the most exciting part! We're going to build a full-stack web application based on Next.js and Colony SDK. This application will provide a “Missions Dashboard” for every DAO on the Colony Network in which tasks can be listed that the DAO needs to get done. Each task can be associated with a bounty denominated in the DAOs main currency or other coins.

Here are the main features that we want to implement:

- List all colony missions
- Users can apply for missions, the DAO can accept or decline
- Users can be paid manually, once a mission was completed

And you know what? *You* can help building it, too! It’ll be out in the open on GitHub from day one! We’ll create issues that can be worked on between sessions and coordinate in Discord. If you want to be an active part of the development, join the [#buidl-with-colony channel in our Discord](https://discord.gg/5wKkCHDY)! There will be some bounties in CLNY out there for sure!

## (Preliminary) Schedule

Each session will be recorded and published to the Colony YouTube channel, so you don’t have to worry about missing one. I’ll be updating this agenda as the course progresses as I’m certain that we won’t be able to stick to it 100%. See this as a rough skeleton. The actual content is decided on on the go and first and foremost by *you*.

Lesson 1 (February 14, 20:00 CET): We look at a smart contract together

Lesson 2 (February 21, 20:00 CET): Snorkel into ethers.js

Lesson 3 (February 23, 20:00 CET): What’s a wallet? Connecting to MetaMask and building our first small dApp

🦄 🍴🥄**ETH Denver break** 🥄🍴 🦄 (are you at ETHDenver? [Let’s hang](https://cal.com/chris-colony/ethdenver)!)

Lesson 4 (March 9, tbd): What is Colony? Taking a look at the dApp and Colony SDK

Lesson 5 (March 14, tbd): Creating the basics. Next.js infrastructure and foundation of the project 

Lesson 6 (March 16, tbd): Server work. Login & permissions

Lesson 7 (March 21, tbd): Adding a database (Next.js and Prisma) and CRUD operations

Lesson 8 (March 23, tbd): Using Colony SDK for DAO governance and payments

Lesson 9 (March 28, tbd): Last touches and clean-up

## Join the fun!

So, are you ready to join us on this epic adventure? We don’t want or need your email or any other data. Just follow [Colony on Twitch](https://twitch.tv/JoinColony) if you like and get notified once we’re up and streaming! If you have any questions or comments, feel free comment here, shoot an email to [chris@colony.io](https://www.notion.so/Learn-web3-with-Colony-61c3049de88941c4a28e096fbddd4a82), or reach out on [Discord](https://discord.gg/5wKkCHDY) (chmanie#5800).

Commit message:

Add link to past episodes

README.md, after:

# Learn web3 with Colony

Learn Web3 with Colony! Resources and application source code

“Learn web3 with Colony" is a free, twitch-based online course designed for anyone interested in learning the fundamentals of web3 frontend development and DAO application programming. We’ll do regular low-key streaming sessions where we learn and build together! This course is targeted to web2 developers who’d like to get their feet wet in the web3 world.

## Past episodes

Watch past episodes on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLGruKlExlEBf9b7lnzrGggTW_2OYazjdm).

## Requirements

You’ll need a basic understanding of JavaScript and React fundamentals to be able to follow along.

## What we’ll learn

We’ll start with the foundations of smart contract interactions using ethers.js. We'll show you how to execute transactions, query information, and query contract events from a chain. We then go on to make a sample application that can create a connection to the user’s MetaMask wallet and initiate transactions.

Then we’ll look at the Colony Network and go over the basic concepts and moving parts that make up this DAO framework. We’ll explore Colony SDK, the developer kit that makes it easy to use Colony’s main functions and infrastructure.

## What we’ll build

This is the most exciting part! We're going to build a full-stack web application based on Next.js and Colony SDK. This application will provide a “Missions Dashboard” for every DAO on the Colony Network in which tasks can be listed that the DAO needs to get done. Each task can be associated with a bounty denominated in the DAOs main currency or other coins.

Here are the main features that we want to implement:

- List all colony missions
- Users can apply for missions, the DAO can accept or decline
- Users can be paid manually, once a mission was completed

And you know what? *You* can help building it, too! It’ll be out in the open on GitHub from day one! We’ll create issues that can be worked on between sessions and coordinate in Discord. If you want to be an active part of the development, join the [#buidl-with-colony channel in our Discord](https://discord.gg/5wKkCHDY)! There will be some bounties in CLNY out there for sure!

## (Preliminary) Schedule

Each session will be recorded and published to the Colony YouTube channel, so you don’t have to worry about missing one. I’ll be updating this agenda as the course progresses as I’m certain that we won’t be able to stick to it 100%. See this as a rough skeleton. The actual content is decided on on the go and first and foremost by *you*.

Lesson 1 (February 14, 20:00 CET): We look at a smart contract together

Lesson 2 (February 21, 20:00 CET): Snorkel into ethers.js

Lesson 3 (February 23, 20:00 CET): What’s a wallet? Connecting to MetaMask and building our first small dApp

🦄 🍴🥄**ETH Denver break** 🥄🍴 🦄 (are you at ETHDenver? [Let’s hang](https://cal.com/chris-colony/ethdenver)!)

Lesson 4 (March 9, tbd): What is Colony? Taking a look at the dApp and Colony SDK

Lesson 5 (March 14, tbd): Creating the basics. Next.js infrastructure and foundation of the project 

Lesson 6 (March 16, tbd): Server work. Login & permissions

Lesson 7 (March 21, tbd): Adding a database (Next.js and Prisma) and CRUD operations

Lesson 8 (March 23, tbd): Using Colony SDK for DAO governance and payments

Lesson 9 (March 28, tbd): Last touches and clean-up

## Join the fun!

So, are you ready to join us on this epic adventure? We don’t want or need your email or any other data. Just follow [Colony on Twitch](https://twitch.tv/JoinColony) if you like and get notified once we’re up and streaming! If you have any questions or comments, feel free comment here, shoot an email to [chris@colony.io](https://www.notion.so/Learn-web3-with-Colony-61c3049de88941c4a28e096fbddd4a82), or reach out on [Discord](https://discord.gg/5wKkCHDY) (chmanie#5800).
